# Farmacy Food Mission

https://www.farmacyfood.com/

Our mission is to make health and wellness radically affordable and accessible. We want to change people’s perception of healthy eating. Maintaining a healthy lifestyle does not need to be difficult. At Farmacy Food, we create flavorful, nutritious meals to support your overall well-being and busy lifestyle. Our goal is to work with you to recognize that achieving your health goals can be done with convenience.

We strive to solve the crisis of the lack of affordable and healthy food available in our greater community. Price should not be an obstacle for those who are eager to achieve their health goals. We strongly believe in equity through food. Keeping equity at the forefront of everything we do, we offer discounted pricing to low-income residents, college students, educators, senior citizens, and veterans. We are passionate about using food as a vehicle to serve the underserved.

---

# Problem & Goal

Farmacy Family (*FFamily*)  is an  **enhancement** of the **existing system** Farmacy Foods (*FFood*) that adds **tighter engagement with their customers**.

#### BUSINESS GOAL

Goal of Farmacy Family is to **connect** and **gather** users, **analyze** data about them, and **communicate** with them. In essence to create a social network around healthy food and community.

#### PRIMARY GOALS:

- **Convert transactional** customers **to engaged** customers.
- **Develop relationships between engaged customers** and **nurture them**.
  - Provide resources, classes, workshops, videos, recipes, advices, or referrals to dietitians.
- **Generate analytical data from medical information** to **demonstrate** the benefits of Farmacy Foods.
  - Create deeper engaged by getting intel about: distribution of food, supply and inventory, gluten intolerant, lactose intolerant etc..

When a transactional customer purchases a meal, Farmacy Family will generate an email elucidating additional benefits available for becoming an engaged customer -**solicitation**

# Definitions Actors/Users

**Hundreds**, users separated by **distinct geographic zones**. Additionally, **different clusters of customers** frequently **consolidate around similar dietary requirements**. Mostly targeting **low income**, **elderly**, and **first responders**.

- **Client** - anyone who wants to eat high quality food, but typically **low-income families, elderly, first responders**.
- **Transactional Customer** – Farmacy Foods client using Point of Sale (**POS**) terminal, who has no engagement with Farmacy Food ecosystem.
- **Engaged Customer** - is Farmacy Family and Farmacy Foods client bind by membership. The ida is to grow community around those users.
- **Community** - small group of engaged customers within a neighborhood.
- **Support Community** - engaged members within a community area.

# Requirements:

- Convert transactional customers to engaged customers.
- Develop relationships between engaged customers. Some engagement platform is needed **buy vs build**.
- **Add a new system to manage customer profiles**, allowing **community
engagement**, and **personalization around preferences and dietary needs**
- Support for integration with 3rd party systems e.g clinicians, dietitians
- Support **geographical trend analysis** to hone Farmacy Family’s ability to **optimize the foods delivered to fridges** (an additional integration point TO Farmacy Foods)
- Generate analytical data from medical information. Support for data analytics and visualization.
- When a transactional customer purchases a meal, Farmacy Family will generate an email elucidating additional benefits available for becoming an engaged customer.
- **Support push and pull models for community engagement.** In other
words, **Farmacy Family will manage forums, emails, and create connections
between similar demographics**.
- **Farmacy Family needs transactional member information for outreach purposes**. The engagement model includes subscriptions towards related publications, forums that user can participate in created around group interest, reference materials (libraries), class (online class) information, and other media  that supports Food-as-medicine.
- **eDietian has access customer profile** to improve advice and monitoring of customers. Additionally, **the customer and dietitian can interact via messages**.
- Farmacy Family wants to improve the distribution and potential food waste by **preventing the wrong mix of foods in a particular fridge.**
- **Farmacy Family will include medical profile information and the ability to share information with medical service providers.**???
- Farmacy Family customers can **customize how much profile information they want to allow the community to see**, at a **fine-grained level**.
- **Farmacy Family has relationships with third party providers (clinics, doctors, etc) that have access to more analytical data to improve engagement (for example, regional dietary observations)**.
- Add Farmacy Family user interface to existing Foods interface, which is currently a Reactive monolith. Create a holistic UX for both food and Farmacy Family to support engagement model.
- Customer and eDietitian can interact via messages.

# Technical Details

### Domain areas:
- Onboarding new engaged customers
  - profile for customer (username & password) we need rich profile metadata!
  - analytics
- Community
  - forum (localized -geographical, temporal -materials age out!)
  - in person / virtual events (localized, temporal)
  - classes (localized, temporal)
  - interactive media library (global -all FFamily users, reference)
  - general wellness education (global, reference)
- Integration with 3rd parties (extranet)
  - Dietician
    - Individual community that interacts with dietician -more personal responses. Multiple integration point per community
  - Clinics
    - Clinic share info to FFood & FFamily if engaged customers allows!
  - Farmacy Foods (existing system) To create menus in collaborations with medical worker and dietician
    - Intranet integration to convert transactional customers to engaged customers

### Engagement Models
- Clients
  - Covered above - building a community, education, increased awareness
- Clinics - Work with clinics to establish baseline tests for clients
  - Gather results
  - Test every 3 months
  - Analyze results
  - Demonstrate any change in their overall health
  - Use this info to gain investors and additional support and help
- Dieticians
  - Regular contact via messages
  - Selective access to medical information about the customer from a partner clinic (Integration)
  - Farmacy Foods supported generic advice from dieticians. Farmacy Family will support one-on-one advice for engaged customers
- Farmacy Family
  - Farmacy Foods needs to know which transactional customers are Engaged Customers.
  - Farmacy Food needs to know which Transactional Customers (and their information) are not part of Farmacy Family (Engaged Customer) to start the onboarding process for those customers. (Integration of two systems).

# Additional Context

- The new system must seamlessly incorporate into Farmacy Foods
- Improved use of analytics driven through the new integration of Farmacy Family will help gather new investors and prove better dietary outcomes in member communities

## Resources

- https://www.semha.org/
- https://www.farmacyfood.com/
