# Learning DDD Book

### [Core subdomains](https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/learning-domain-driven-design/9781098100124/ch01.html#comparing_subdomains)

**A core subdomain is what a company does differently from its competitors.** This may involve inventing new products or services or reducing costs by optimizing existing processes.

A core subdomain that is simple to implement can only provide a short-lived competitive advantage. Therefore, core subdomains are naturally complex.

**It’s important to note that core subdomains are not necessarily technical.** Not all business problems are solved through algorithms or other technical solutions. A company’s competitive advantage can come from various sources.

Consider, for example, a jewelry maker selling its products online. The online shop is important, but it’s not a core subdomain. The jewelry design is.

Supporting subdomains’ business logic is simple. These are basic ETL operations and CRUD interfaces, and the business logic is obvious. Often, it doesn’t go beyond validating inputs or converting data from one structure to another.

Core subdomains are complex. They should be as hard for competitors to copy as possible—the company’s profitability depends on it. That’s why strategically, companies are looking to solve complex problems as their core subdomains.

**Table shows the differences between the three types of subdomains**
| Subdomain type | Competitive advantage | Complexity | Volatility | Implementation | Problem |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Core | Yes | High | High | In-house | Interesting |
| Generic | No | High | Low |	Buy/adopt | Solved |
| Supporting | No |	Low |	Low |	In-house/outsource | Obvious |


### What Is [EventStorming](https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/learning-domain-driven-design/9781098100124/ch12.html)?

EventStorming is a low-tech activity for a group of people to brainstorm and rapidly model a business process. In a sense, EventStorming is a tactical tool for sharing business domain knowledge.


# Data Lake

1. Data model
  - What data goes into data, (events)
  - unstructured data (images, logs, CSV)

# Done Drafts
- Main Entity Diagram
- First user journey

# TODO

- Create User journey
- Create event storming session
- Business Goal -> add core domain description
